so to go from one side to the other in
terms of what we have on display here
this is our inside round or our top round this
would traditionally be used for veal cutlets
we have our sirloin tip or our sirloin
tip knuckle this is our top sirloin
this was our shank
steak also known as ossobuco
this is the outside round or the bottom round
right next to it is the eye of round and when
we pulled this off the two of them were connected
and we called that the gooseneck but when they're
separated like this this is the bottom round or
the outside round and this is the eye of round
this was that piece of tenderloin or the tenderloin
butt also referred to as the chateaubriand
this was the femur bone, this was the flank,
these three muscles were pulled off together
they came off of the edge of our shank and we
refer to this as the heel meat i've separated
these three muscles so we can see that we
have one piece here which is referred to
as the rat's tail, we have another muscle that's
been completely cleaned up and this is referred to
as a merlot steak traditionally you would
only cut this from beef but I decided this
was a good time to show you where it comes
from this was that spider steak that we
had shown you before and this came out of our
hip bone it's also referred to as oyster meat
finally this pile of meat that you see behind all of these muscles this is what we call
trim so these are just uh in the process
of manicuring all these muscles we produce
this pile of offcuts that we would put into a
grinder and we would use these to make meatballs
sausages or some type of forcemeat with it